chore(localization): changes in readme and added screenshot (#103)
telerik/blazor-ui: common/localization/readme.md

These samples show samples of implementing custom [services that localize the Telerik UI for Blazor components](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/globalization/localization). There is a server-side Blazor and a client-side Blazor (WASM) sample.

> You can refer to our demos solution for an up-to-date sample `TelerikMessages.resx` file with the keys used by the components in the respective version and a sample implementation of a localization service. The local path to the `TelerikMessages.resx` files is showcased in the screenshot below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to the [offline version](https://www.telerik.com/account/my-downloads) of our [Demo solution](http://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/) for an up-to-date `TelerikMessages.resx` file with the keys used by the components in the respective version. The demo site also contains a sample implementation of a localization service. The local path to the `TelerikMessages.resx` files is showcased in the screenshot below.
```
